Meeting notes: 30.03.2023 Polyculture (#186)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/meetings/2023_03_30_polyculture.md

  - Examples are
    - Plant physiology
    - Growing period
    - ...
- Yvonne has already done an investigation of databases.
  That's why permapeople.org was chosen so far.
  But some things are missing in there (e.g. relationships and seeds).
  Quality check hasn't been done thoroughly.

4. For relationships, we would like to have a confidence score.

- We could also take relationship data from multiple sources and grade by this.
  How many databases say the same.
  Are there any contradictions?
- This could be checked by Uliana but will be a lot of work if done manually.
  We could do this algorithmically.
  However, most of these databases are meant for humans and are hard to usefully scrape by programs.
- Plants for a future and Natural capital plant database have relationship info readily available in spreadsheet format.
  We can probably use the info if we don't use any of relationship details.
- Playing around with chatGPT could be an option.
  They quality might not be best here.
  Can we automate these queries or do we have to run each manually?

### Decisions

1. Uliana will start research on plant relationships.  

>    Frist the quality of the following datasources is be assessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   First the quality of the following datasources has to be assessed.
```

   - [Plants for a Future](https://pfaf.org/)
   - [Natural Capital Plant Database](https://permacultureplantdata.com/)
   - [Permaculture News](https://www.permaculturenews.org/2010/07/30/companion-planting-guide/)

   Then a collection of relationships in the following format is created.  

>    You can find the document [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jtsng8H4SkwK2gxK_qF1XkC0ygpjXZgMUKKj1x3TA9M/).

Author: Added a license.

Yes, the examples are not correct.
> The currently entered data are just examples and of course not any real relationships.

>    - Left side

Author: See https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT/pull/186/commits/5eecf4782900f6a945cead393351a26da120ab8f

     - Common name
     - Variety
     - Species
     - Genus
     - Subfamily

>      - Family

Author: Those are the names of the ranks the plant belongs to.
"Taxonomic rank" describes on which level the relationship applies.

     - Taxonomic rank
       - Variety
       - Species
       - Genus
       - Subfamily
       - Family
   - Right side
     - See Left side
   - Confidence
     - low
     - medium
     - high
     - approved
   - Relationship type
     - companion
     - antagonist
     - neutral
   - Notes

>    - Sources

Author: She can also add columns if she needs to.
